Proposal for an AI policy (#73)
YOURLS/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to YOURLS

Reviewer: I'm fine with that, but please keep in mind these contributing guidelines are displayed across all YOURLS' org repos.

## Issue tracker

> Use it for bug reports, feature requests, and pull requests - but **not** for personal support (use [Discussions](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/discussions) instead).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the issue tracker for bug reports, feature requests, and pull requests.
Personal support must be discussed using [discussions space](https://github.com/orgs/YOURLS/discussions).
```

## Bug reports

> Before reporting: search existing issues (open and closed) and test against the latest `master`. A good report includes YOURLS/MySQL/PHP versions, expected vs actual output, and steps to reproduce the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search existing issues (open and closed) before reporting.
Ensure the alleged behavior is observed on the latest version.
A good report includes YOURLS/MySQL/PHP versions, expected and actual behavior, and steps to reproduce the problem.
```

I'm dropping the `master`/development branch because this is not fair for reporters, nor followed anyway. I think we all prefer bug reports stating the version used instead of a weak "`master`" version, difficult to identify.
This change is not going to increase the number of issues anyway.
Plus `master` is not the default branch for all repositories other than YOURLS/YOURLS.

## Feature requests

> YOURLS aims to stay lean and cover the needs of the vast majority of users - if a feature wouldn't be useful to nearly everyone, it probably belongs in a plugin rather than core. The plugin architecture is specifically designed for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YOURLS aims to stay lean and cover the needs of the vast majority of users.
If a feature wouldn't be useful to nearly everyone, it probably belongs in a plugin rather than core.
The [plugin architecture](https://yourls.org/docs/development/plugins) is designed to extend core behavior for the custom use cases.
```

Make sure your idea fits the project's scope, and provide context to make a strong case.

## Pull requests

- It's better to ask before starting any significant work.

> - Using AI ? Read our [AI_POLICY.md](AI_POLICY.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AI use must follow our [AI Policy](AI_POLICY.md).
```

I'm not sure the link will follow. Let's see.

> - Keep PRs focused - one concern per PR, and avoid unrelated changes such as whitespace fixes or rewording comments elsewhere in the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep pull requests focused. 
- Limit pull requests to a single concern.
- Avoid unrelated changes such as whitespace fixes or rewording comments elsewhere in the codebase.
```

- Follow existing coding conventions.
- Unit tests are very welcome.
- Your code will be licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/blob/master/LICENSE).

> Standard flow: fork → branch off `master` → commit in logical chunks → push → open PR and fill the template.

Reviewer: To be removed, not the reality anymore.
Probably better to reference GitHub's documentation instead.

```suggestion
```

> ## ❤️ Thank you !

Reviewer: That's nice; let's just not put it as a title.

```suggestion
❤️ Thank you !
```

## Bug reports

Search existing issues (open and closed) before reporting.
Ensure the alleged behavior is observed on the latest version.
A good report includes YOURLS/MySQL/PHP versions, expected and actual behavior, and steps to reproduce the problem.

## Feature requests

YOURLS aims to stay lean and cover the needs of the vast majority of users.
If a feature wouldn't be useful to nearly everyone, it probably belongs in a plugin rather than core.
The [plugin architecture](https://yourls.org/docs/development/plugins) is designed to extend core behavior for the custom use cases.

Make sure your idea fits the project's scope, and provide context to make a strong case.

## Pull requests

- It's better to ask before starting any significant work.
- AI use must follow our [AI Policy](AI_POLICY.md).
- Keep pull requests focused. 
- Limit pull requests to a single concern.
- Avoid unrelated changes such as whitespace fixes or rewording comments elsewhere in the codebase.
- Follow existing coding conventions.
- Unit tests are very welcome.
- Your code will be licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/YOURLS/YOURLS/blob/master/LICENSE).

> ❤️ Thank you !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❤️ Thank you!
```
No space for punctuation in English 🫣😁
